docs: documenting workflow pause and timers (#1756)
lightbend/kalix-jvm-sdk: docs/src/modules/java/pages/workflows.adoc

A full transfer workflow source code is available {sample-url}[here, {tab-icon}, window="new"]. Follow the `README` file to run and test it.

== Pausing workflow

> A long-running workflow can be paused and wait for some additional information to continue processing. A special `pause` transition can be used to inform Kalix that the execution of the Workflow should be postponed. By launching a request to a Workflow endpoint, the user can resume the processing. Additionally, a Kalix Timer can be scheduled to automatically inform the Workflow that the expected time for the additional data has passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A long-running workflow can be paused while waiting for some additional information to continue processing. A special `pause` transition can be used to inform Kalix that the execution of the Workflow should be postponed. By launching a request to a Workflow endpoint, the user can then resume the processing. Additionally, a Kalix Timer can be scheduled to automatically inform the Workflow that the expected time for the additional data has passed.
```
